Follow these steps to build KLog.

KLog requires Qt6 to be built.

Currently, many distributions are still distributing Qt4 as a default Qt
version so it may be needed that you install Qt6 to be able to build KLog in
your system.

install may depend on your distribution, however, check for similar names &
versions and it will probably work :-)

If you have any suggestion for this file, please contact me. (Contact
details in the AUTHORS file).


1. Install the KLog dependencies

There are dependencies to build KLog and dependencies to run KLog.

The dependencies to build KLog are:
        - make qmake6 qt6-base-dev qt6-declarative-dev libhamlib-dev build-essential libgl1-mesa-dev qt6-serialport-dev qt6-positioning-dev qt6-charts-dev qt6-l10n-tools

In Debian it is done with: 
         apt install -y --fix-missing make qmake6 qt6-base-dev qt6-declarative-dev libhamlib-dev build-essential libgl1-mesa-dev qt6-serialport-dev qt6-positioning-dev qt6-charts-dev qt6-l10n-tools

*** TO BE UPDATED: The dependencies to run KLog once installed are:
        - libqt5sql5-sqlite, qml-module-qtquick-window2, qml-module-qtlocation, qml-module-qtpositioning, qml-module-qtquick2 & qml-module-qtquick-controls2

Again in Debian, it is done with:
         apt-get install libqt5sql5-sqlite qml-module-qtquick-window2 qml-module-qtlocation qml-module-qtpositioning qml-module-qtquick2 qml-module-qtquick-controls2

If your are using the Debian KLog package the dependencies to run KLog will be automatically installed when installing the KLog package.


In your distribution, you should know how to install new packages :-)


Make sure you have qt6 available. You can do it with the qtchooser command.
The output should be something like:

        user@debian:~$ qmake6 -v
        QMake version 3.1
        Using Qt version 6.4.2 in /usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu

If Qt is not at least Qt6, check your instalallation as one of the previous packages may be missing.


2.- Untar klog

    tar xvzf klog-version.tar.gz

    enter the KLog directory

    cd klog-version


3.- Generate the Makefile

    cd src
    qmake6 PREFIX=/usr/local src.pro

4. Make everything.

    make

If everything goes OK, you should have the klog executable in the folder.

5.- To install KLog, execute the following from the root account.

    make install

Now you are done. Just execute klog and enjoy!


73
